It's not that you have the guts
Do you know who you're talking to?
Ah, hurry up and apologize to Mr. Feixiang
apologize
I'm afraid he can't take it
It's not that you are presumptuous
Do you need me to apologize to you?
This kid is screwed
I have never seen it.
Who dares to talk to the Flying General like that?
Just courting death
Flying General
Just a word from you
I'll find someone to take him down immediately
You are teaching me to do things
Hey, how dare I, Flying General?
Greetings, Master
The teacher has been apart for a year
I have not yet repaid my teacher for his kindness
I wouldn't be where I am today without you
Lord Flying General and Lord God since childhood
It's such a relationship
Fortunately, the kid didn't fall behind
Get up yeah
His temple lord
Who are you waiting for if it makes sense?
You can ask me.
Go stop
I let you go
What do you mean?
Didn't you just say it?
Do you want to take him to count the pieces today?
Jinghong
come in
Is he really the Lord of God?
Impossible it's absolutely impossible
Hahahaha
The old man wants to see how you rape my son
Jinghong, this is the teacher's Jinghong sword. What?
That's impossible.
So you can see how I count the pieces.
Don't stop
three